The Joe Rogan experience. Might take in the Chad situation is.
They're doing exactly. I was talking about it with Cooley.
Nawara the other day they're doing exactly the same thing. They get mad at.
When they think about a country, they put up walls, they have borders,
they have police and enforcement. They beat the out of people.
There's been murders inside. It's not all kumbaya. You know, it's like,
you just made a shittier smaller version of a city.
Of course you did. Of course you did, but it's got borders, a regular city.
You can just, you can, should strive in Albuquerque. They let you in.
Jazz is like, you. We got border walls. You could go to the Sanford.
No one could come in here.
If we have a plastic barrier, how did that happen there? LARPing.
How did that happen? [inaudible] it's what it is for sure. I mean,
that's what it is. And.
They took over the city, they took over the LARPers.
Well, they need to learn, you know, I mean, there's,
there's a thing that happens when a lot of these protesters get acquainted
with progress, right? Whether it's Antifa or any, like, you know,
real Marxist left wing, progressive socialist movement,
they have good intentions. Right.
And they get lumped in with the idea of progress.
So people let them get away with stuff. They cunningly loud,
just they're just it's program because it's going to work out.
It's going to work out, but they don't have a real plan.
These folks don't have a long-term plan when Seattle gave them that just back
to, it's probably the most brilliant move ever. Like, okay. Oh,
you think you can do better? Why don't you go ahead? It's like, you have kids,
right? When your kids look good, no auditorium or shoes, like, okay,
good tie your shoes. They stand there for a minute. You want some help?
I'll help you. Cause you don't know how to tie your shoes. This is a,
you make the money here is you go to the link,
but sometimes you have to let a kid. I bet. Particularly boys. I have all girls,
but I would imagine with boys even more. So they get a little stubborn,
know what I'm doing, dad, you got to go. Oh, okay. Do you? Okay? Chaz?
Good luck. Good luck. Okay. Six blocks.
Guys had two murders inside of a week.
I just don't understand how that happened. I don't understand the city.
Just let it go. I think it's like a publicity stunt and they want it.
I think the city lost charge of that.
There's a lot of them letting them do that,
but they're not being overrun with like guns and bombs and.
This is like, we're gonna let these guys have it. And then we're going to,
you know, let this fail. Like I don't even know.
It just doesn't make any sense to me. It seems like a joke.
You talked to Pete, my friend,
Rob Wolf reached out to me because some folks from the Seattle police department
reached out to him. They're trying to get their message out.
They're trying to figure it out.
And the sense that they were saying that the media is not telling the true story
and that the true story is every time like the media will show them,
tear gassing people. But they don't say that they had set up boundaries.
And they said, you got to stay out of the precinct.
You got to stay out of this area. You guys, you can't just in invade.
And every time they put up these boundaries, they would push through and vile.
And then they had to use tear gas. They fell to defend their position.
And then they eventually had to give up the whole precinct.
And then they had to give up like six blocks and they don't feel like there's a
lot of support for their position in the news.
And they also don't feel like they're,
they're being given the freedom to defend it properly. Like they, they really,
they couldn't. They had to get out of there. That's why they took,
that's why those people took it. That's why it's still locked down today.
And the mayor's been saying lately, uh, it's time to go home now.
But the mayor before gave a up answer of it,
like saying that peaceful protest has always been great.
Maybe this is the summer of love, like, oh, okay, good luck lady.
Like these ideas, they get connected with progress, right?
So those people who really want better, right?
They're angry that George Floyd got murdered,
but we all are every normal rational. Person's angry.
They all want to see change, but we all do. But they decided to see change.
And six blocks of Seattle that had nothing to do with George Floyd.
They just took over and they just took over these buildings.
So they basically did what Columbus did. They came and took over an area,
but they, then they did what Trump did.
They put up a wall and then they did what those cops did.
They beat the out of people. I mean, they, they,
they ruined their own idea within a couple of weeks. So it really was like,
Seattle, just going good. Oh, you know how to do better? Yeah. Oh,
you got to do better. Okay, go ahead. Yeah. And now they're like,
it's time to go home, but there's, you know,
there's people in there that are armed. It's not that simple. You know,
I don't know how they think they're going to get these people out of there.
Cause you can't even get homeless people out of San Francisco.
They've basically taken over Portland. Portland's filled with tents.
San Francisco's nuts, man. It's nuts.
You drive down the seat and stumped some neighborhoods in San Francisco.
You see like multi-million dollar houses and there's five tents in front of the
house. Like, what is this? What is you? Can't litter.
You can't throw beer cans on the ground.
How can we can leave a tent and a little camp stove and a cardboard box filled
with.
And then everybody's just waiting for somebody else to come clean.
The 10 out in front of their yard. Everybody's waiting to fish.
If there was three tents in front of your house.
It's a good question. I don't know what to do.
I don't want to go to jail. So I don't know.
Probably hire somebody to clean it up. I don't know what to do.
I wouldn't know what to do. What are the, what is the law?
Can my kid not play in the yard? Because some,
if someone threw a heroin needle in the yard and he's got a tent right there.
And if you're in Venice and you got this little,
little tiny patch of grass where your kid can play and your kid runs into a
heroin needle that someone chucked over the fence.
But we have to be progressive. We have to be nice as people.
Well, you go knock on the tent. Hey man, you can't ever stay here. Get the out.
Oh it. Dude, go actually. Won't you're going to get the out.
You're going to get the up. Nope. Got to go. I'm a crack baby.
All right later, you got.
To go. I'm looking at, I was leaving said, they're gonna leave today.
There's like an official, uh,
Capitol protest on it says there it's concluded as of tonight.
And they expect some people to not actually leave, but they're saying it's over.
See, I.
Think somebody else funded that. I think that was a big joke.
I think that was like a big, I don't know,
probably somebody in a deep state or whatever,
the guys that fund all the other stuff. That's crazy. Right? The.
Guys should throw Epstein witnesses out of buildings.
How does that money go around? Who gets it?
It goes in Bitcoin. They buy tacos with it. No.
I think people are, are funding and, and I don't know.
There's so much going on.
I can't just blindly believe any of these narratives anymore.
It's just beyond to.
Me.
[inaudible].